Hi there! My name is Nova. I am an avid gamer, motorcycle enthusiast, and Twitch streamer and a student at CCSF. I am currently learning digital skills to pursue certificates in Animation and Illustration to add to the 2 associate degrees I have in an unrelated field of study. After many years, I decided it was finally time to do something with my artwork and creativity. I have done a little bit of freelance work on branding and identity for some small business owners and commissioned tattoo work in the past.

In VMD105 I have learned the basics of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Animate, InDesign, as well as basic HTML and CSS. This course has been awesome, learning the foundational skills for each of these programs has opened an entire toolbox of instruments that I can use for content creation, building skills for the future. I could sing praise to this course at CCSF and its instructor all day - it is well worth the time and effort.



In the photoshop portion of VMD105 we learned the basics of raster graphics. For the final, we needed to take all the techniques we learned and put them to the test with a photograph composition. I was inspired to make a fantasy photo as a gift for my significant other during Valentine’s day. I used a fantasy forest background, our photograph selection, found a lovely pair of earrings someone made on pintrest, and created a brush drawn ellipse frame to contain the scene. I struggled most with the photograph, as my camera is not very good - There was some pixelization on the legs which I blurred in attempt to make it less apparent. I have been practicing with Photoshop more since then - but less with photography and more with drawn images.



We learned about vector graphics and how to use Adobe Illustrators basic functions. I really enjoyed these tools and have been practicing building shapes and compositions by creating paths and exploring the tools available in this program. My inspiration for this piece was simply to experiment with less geometric shapes and more organic curves. I tried to use opacity and gradients to make the fairy feel more “a part” of the scene as if affected by the ambient light. Overall, the vector final was quite a challenge but I have been practicing a lot since. I am quite fond of vector art now and think it will be incredibly useful in logo creation in the future.



In the animation section of VMD105 we learned about the basics of using Adobe Animate and the different animation types. I really like this program, yet I do think using it well will take much time and practice. The final project for this section was to tell a short story using some basic techniques we learned in the previous weeks. My concept was a lonely orphan who wished on a shooting star and became a constellation. I made all the animated assets in vectors graphics using Illustrator and included a starry raster background.



During the In Design section of VMD105 we focused on print layout and learned how to set up a print project. I have used this program a few times since then for style guides in other classes and will likely continue to use InDesign a lot in the future. It makes setting up pages and elements so simple and allows a lot of flexibility in design. The use of master pages were probably my favorite for this section as they allow you to create a layout that can be used on multiple pages and make changes quickly to all of the content created within the master. Master pages make consistancy a breeze! For the final we created a multi-page document showcasing all the sections we had previously completed.







