Home 
Hi. My name is Aziza. 
I graduated from high school in my home country, and now I’m here in CCSF studying visual media design to ultimately get a bachelor’s degree in graphic design. I took some architecture and computer science classes and realized that I want to have them all in one field. That is how I discovered UI/UX design. I would like to be fluent in Photoshop, Illustration, Animation, and other Adobe tools. But more specifically I want to learn how to create and design websites.




Raster
This was my first project which helped me to unify all of the basic knowledge I learned in class. Before this class I had never used any Adobe applications. I realized how much cool stuff I can do. I enjoyed my first photoshop project. While getting ideas together was the challenging part, everything after was fun.




Illustration
Adobe Illustration is my favorite program so far. It is simple, efficient and very “smooth”, especially for someone who is interested in creating logos. For this project I used a pixelated background and drew all elements from the scratch. Due to my lack of experience I had trouble making my objects look 3D. I used the Gradient tool to add multiple colors to decrease flatness.




Animation
After the final animation project I started to respect animators even more. It is a very time consuming process. To simplify and save time I used objects I created for the Illustration project. I didn’t know how to move and rotate parts of objects imported from illustration as one single element. For that, I had to change the position of eyes, hands and legs in illustration and import them in animation in different frames.  




Print Project
I thought the parallels between the older technique of printing and having to think about bleeds and margins was a good introduction to the more modern concepts behind web design. I'm most interested in web design so having a good foundation is important to me. I wanted to make sure I applied my aesthetic eye to the design here, especially when trying to link together the very different styles of my different projects.




Contacts
It was nice having you here. I hope you enjoyed my first website. Find me on 